c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\PermisC.dll
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\PermisC.pdb
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.dll
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.Views.AboutPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.Views.ItemDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.Views.ItemsPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.Views.NewItemPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.Views.NewRemorquePage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.Views.PermisPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.Views.RemorqueDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.Views.RemorquePage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.dll
c:\users\stagiaire\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.pdb
C:\Users\Stagiaire\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\bouncy_castle_hmac_sha_pcl.dll
C:\Users\Stagiaire\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\obj\Debug\PermisC.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Stagiaire\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\PermisC\PermisC\PermisC\bin\Debug\PermisC.dll.mdb
